Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it is bad.
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different
Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming: feedback is the treatment.
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
If you're going through hell keep going.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do.
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.